so here's the Dome of the rock and the
Alaska mosque al-aqsa mosque and funny
thing is is that I'm going to contrast
these with another place up north and
Lebanon called Baalbek tell me which
ones which the octagon shaped thing is
equal distant from the building the
temple now strange there's strange thing
about these is that you would say what's
the similarity
I'll give this for this is Baalbek
what's a lot about that is that if you
go back you'll see that the Dome of the
rock actually has that weird here this
see that weird kind of subsided thing
and they've had huge constructions of
them and this is trying to be a
reconstruction of them you see that part
that doesn't have a dome though but then
they thought when they reconstructed to
had to have a dome something that looked
kind of like that but it wasn't that and
then let's jump back to the nowaday the
Dome of the rock in the Alaska mosque
funny thing is is that the Bar Kokhba
revolt was in 325 and they tore down the
rest of Temple Mount and put up the
temple of Jupiter they also put the
temple of Jupiter up and ball back it
was the same exact layout mm-hmm they
wanted to desecrate they did they tore
the temple down 80 70 but they wanted to
desecrate the Jews holiest of Holies by
putting a pagan temple on top of it and
it was because of this guy coming up Bar
Kokhba our Kokhba revolt was ended in
135 ad both of these temples about 100
miles apart maybe less were built same
year same time to honor the same God
and they still stand today so I doubt
that any Muslim ruler actually built the
Dome of the rock or al-aqsa mosque